Sync and corrections by btsix
www.addic7ed.com
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Any change, Meecham?
I still have hope, Doctor.
BETHLEM HOSPITAL, LONDON, 1830
Lost cause this one, Father.
God's left him long passed.
God leaves no one.
Will you pray with me, my son?
Come back to us, John.
Come back to us.
My son.
John?
He lives.
Come on.
Back to bed will you.
Enough!
Enough now!
Don't make me...
Forgive me.
Out of the way!
Let me show you where you were born.
My Adam.
You are the next step.
JOHANN DIPPEL
Jemima.
You told me that if Daniel succeeded,
then we would be in a world without God.
And I would be as guilty for it as he.
Well, he has...
and I am.
I was lost.
I couldn't find you.
There will be another one after you...
and others after that.
Fire and water and ice.
You must find him.
You must do this for me.
Heaven is closed to both of us.
Fire and water and ice.
Where are you?
You must find him.
You must do this for me.
They say the body is a real mess,
like a scene from the Bible.
Who'd kill an Archdeacon but a man
touched by the devil himself?
Ripped out his intestines and his
heart, and his lungs, I heard.
Oi! I told you lot to get
down to the coroner's office.
Sergeant Nightingale.
Inspector Treadaway.
Look at this.
Sir Robert's Great
Metropolitan experiment.
At Bow Street, I went out
and got things done.
Now I spend all day writing
about it in triplicate.
Detailed records are the
future, sir. I do believe it.
I think you might be right, Sergeant.
Because they're no bloody use
to us here in the present.
Have you finished at Portugal Street?
As I suggested, it was
a crime of passion.
It was the husband himself
who killed his wife.
- You got him to admit to it?
- No need, sir.
The evidence admits all.
Good work, Sergeant.
Very good.
Murder is definitely your talent.
I have another one with your name to it.
- The murder of the Archdeacon?
- No,
a guard at Bethlem,
killed by an escaped
lunatic in his flight.
Bethlem is under Southwark Watchhouse.
But the tollman on Regent Bridge
spied the lunatic crossing the river.
Which makes him the
concern of Westminster.
How did the guard die?
Throat slit ear to ear, I'm told.
Horrible business.
Constable Bircher!
You'll be assisting Sergeant
Nightingale in his enquiries.
- Sergeant Nightingale...
- If you wish to rise
above the rank of constable,
you need to be more
conscientious with your work
rather than fueling babble and hearsay.
Understood?
Yes, sir.
We've come for the body of the
Archdeacon. Hand him over.
This murder is the concern of the
church coroner, Mr. Renquist.
- Says who?
- Says the church!
Out. Get him out!
I don't take orders
from Charlies like you.
But maybe you will accept the authority
of the Very Reverend Dean of Westminster
when I tell you that you
have no jurisdiction here.
The Parish Watch are in
charge, not the police.
Never let that happen again.
Yes, sir.
How can I help you?
I was abandoned by God.
And now you seek His sanctuary?
So, it is you, John Marlott.
I am not John Marlott.
Yet you walk in his image.
- Why?
- To find Daniel Hervey...
and show him God's vengeance.
No.
The man I knew...
This man I see before me...
You were not a man of vengeance.
Who was I?
You were a man of kindness.
A man of justice.
Justice?
I was shown no justice.
Now, I walk a wasteland, Father.
A world forsaken.
It is the poor who are
forsaken, not the world.
And what they crave is justice.
- Then, we are all abandoned.
- No, no!
Here in Pye Street, it is the
church who has abandoned us.
The church, not God.
My flock lies here
in the cradle of the church,
under the gaze of God.
Yet every day, they wander
further into the valley of death
while the Dean of Westminster watches on
- and lines his own pockets.
- Deliver us from evil,
for thine is the kingdom, and the power,
and the Glory for ever. Amen.
Amen.
Good morning, Mr. Dean.
Mr. Renquist. Gentlemen,
leave us please?
The Metropolitan police
have begun trespassing on the
murder of the Archdeacon.
Yes, how very irritating.
The Home Secretary wishes to
illustrate the competence
of his new police force.
It feels like desperation.
Nevertheless,
I cannot be expected to
conduct church business
with their continuing interference.
And you shall not.
Even the Home Secretary
will find he cannot refuse
the seal of the King,
who, I'm sure, would not object
to my small appropriation
of his authority.
Westminster is not the
domain of the state.
It is the domain of God.
The King's seal is the final word
and the people will...
have faith in the church.
I rescued them after your arrest.
Do you think I'm guilty of it, Father,
Flora's murder?
That's between you and God.
I won't betray you.
But your clothing might.
Go to this shop and ask for Esther Rose.
She is someone you can trust.
I cannot repay you.
"The wicked borrow and pay not again,
but the righteous show mercy and give."
Is that a Psalm?
That's right.
I remember it.
Do not forsake God, my son.
And do not forsake those
He has in keeping for you.
They still await you on the other side.
I have seen the other side.
I was taken to the meeting
place, but they were both gone.
They were sent on without me.
What marvel brought you
back here, John Marlott?
- I am not John Marlott.
- Then who are you?
I passed beyond God's kingdom.
John Marlott is dead.
"An Archdeacon is murdered in
the very heart of Westminster,
and the Metropolitan
police are instructed
to play no part in such matters"?
The Dean of Westminster
flaps his wings indeed.
The letter did arrive under the seal
of King George, Home Secretary.
And if King George has
witnessed its contents,
then I am a Charing
Cross saddler. No, Fox.
This is the work of the
Dean and no other.
Mr. Dipple. Forgive me, I was
unaware of any appointment.
No forgiveness necessary, Sir
Robert. I am unannounced.
I'm afraid, sir, the Home
Secretary's appointments do not...
Oh, that is quite extraordinary.
Vishnu.
Late seventeenth century.
- West Bengal, I'd hazard.
- Speak plainly, Mr. Dipple.
- What is your business?
- "Speak plainly"?
Novel words from a politician.
We are all aware of your
influence, Mr. Dipple,
but in the seat of Government,
you will do well to address me
with the customary respect.
Sir Robert,
spare me the indignation of tradition.
We are both men of the modern world.
Governments come and go like
the passing of the seasons.
And yours is in trouble.
What is your business?
Fox, would you be so kind as to collect
the minutes of this morning's
Cabinet meeting? Thank you.
There was a murder two
nights ago in Westminster.
The Archdeacon?
And that night also saw the escape
of a dangerous lunatic from Bethlem.
His liberty is of concern to me.
And why should it concern me?
I understand your new cemetery
bill reaches a crucial stage.
As we have discussed.
Mr. Dipple, your support for
this scheme is very generous.
Yes, I believe the swift
apprehension of this man
will hasten the completion
of these documents in
no uncertain measure.
And what will you gain from this?
Me?
Well, you hardly impress as the
Good Sa